docs: note that cannot reduce Region size (#4501)
dfinity/motoko: doc/md/stable-regions.md

  // Each page is 64KiB (65536 bytes).
  // Returns previous `size` when able to grow.
  // Returns `0xFFFF_FFFF_FFFF_FFFF` if remaining pages of physical stable memory insufficient.

>   // Please note that there is currently no way to shrink the Region size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Please note that there is no way to shrink the size of a region.
```
